IPC (Collection)
COL1: It usually bothers me when commercial/government websites ask me for personal information.
COL2: When commercial/government websites ask me for personal information, I sometimes think twice before providing it.
COL3: I am concerned that commercial/government websites are collecting too much personal information about me.

IPC (Secondary Usage)
SEC1: I am concerned that when I give personal information to a commercial/government website for some reason, the website would use the information for other reasons.
SEC2: I am concerned that commercial/government websites would sell my personal information in their computer databases to other companies.
SEC3: I am concerned that commercial/government websites would share my personal information with other companies without my authorization.

IPC (Errors)
ERR1: I am concerned that commercial/government websites do not take enough steps to make sure that my personal information in their files is accurate.
ERR2: I am concerned that commercial/government websites do not have adequate procedures to correct errors in my personal information. 
ERR3: I am concerned that commercial/government websites do not devote enough time and effort to verifying the accuracy of my personal information in their databases.

IPC (Improper Access)
ACC1: I am concerned that commercial/government website databases that contain my personal information are not protected from unauthorized access.
ACC2: I am concerned that commercial/government websites do not devote enough time and effort to preventing unauthorized access to my personal information.
ACC3: I am concerned that commercial/government websites do not take enough steps to make sure that unauthorized people cannot access my personal information in their computers.

IPC (Control)
CON1: It usually bothers me when I do not have control of personal information that I provide to commercial/government websites.
CON2: It usually bothers me when I do not have control or autonomy over decisions about how my personal information is collected, used, and shared by commercial/government websites.
CON3: I am concerned when control is lost or unwillingly reduced as a result of a marketing transaction with commercial/government websites.

IPC (Awareness)
AWA1: I am concerned when a clear and conspicuous disclosure is not included in online privacy policies of commercial/government websites.
AWA2: It usually bothers me when I am not aware or knowledgeable about how my personal information will be used by commercial/government websites.
AWA3: It usually bothers me when commercial/government websites seeking my information online do not disclose the way the data are collected, processed, and used.