======= /seed 0
/survey
I am concerned when control is lost or unwillingly reduced as a result of a marketing transaction with commercial/government websites.
It usually bothers me when commercial/government websites ask me for personal information.
Please answer 'Agree' in this question.
Please answer 'Strongly Disagree' in this question.
I am concerned that commercial/government websites do not take enough steps to make sure that my personal information in their files is accurate.
I am concerned that commercial/government websites would share my personal information with other companies without my authorization.
I am concerned that commercial/government websites do not have adequate procedures to correct errors in my personal information.
I am concerned that commercial/government websites do not devote enough time and effort to preventing unauthorized access to my personal information.
Please answer 'Somewhat Agree' in this question.
Please answer 'Somewhat Disagree' in this question.
I am concerned that commercial/government websites would sell my personal information in their computer databases to other companies.
I am concerned that commercial/government websites are collecting too much personal information about me
Please answer 'Neutral' in this question.
I am concerned that when I give personal information to a commercial/government website for some reason, the website would use the information for other reasons.
It usually bothers me when commercial/government websites seeking my information online do not disclose the way the data are collected, processed, and used.
I am concerned that commercial/government websites do not take enough steps to make sure that unauthorized people cannot access my personal information in their computers.
Please answer 'Disagree' in this question.
I am concerned that commercial/government website databases that contain my personal information are not protected from unauthorized access.
Please answer 'Strongly Agree' in this question.
I am concerned when a clear and conspicuous disclosure is not included in online privacy policies of commercial/government websites.
It usually bothers me when I am not aware or knowledgeable about how my personal information will be used by commercial/government websites.
I am concerned that commercial/government websites do not devote enough time and effort to verifying the accuracy of my personal information in their databases.
When commercial/government websites ask me for personal information, I sometimes think twice before providing it.
It usually bothers me when I do not have control or autonomy over decisions about how my personal information is collected, used, and shared by commercial/government websites.
It usually bothers me when I do not have control of personal information that I provide to commercial/government websites.
/persona student
/categorize =======
As a student, I would categorize these survey items as follows:

1. Strongly Disagree: I am not concerned when control is lost or unwillingly reduced as a result of a marketing transaction with commercial/government websites.
2. Disagree: It usually does not bother me when commercial/government websites ask me for personal information.
3. Somewhat Agree: I am concerned that commercial/government websites do not take enough steps to make sure that my personal information in their files is accurate.
4. Neutral: I am neither concerned nor unconcerned that commercial/government websites would sell my personal information in their computer databases to other companies.
5. Somewhat Disagree: I am somewhat disagreeing because I think that commercial/government websites should disclose the way they collect, process, and use data.
6. Disagree: I do not think it bothers me when commercial/government websites seeking my information online do not disclose the way the data are collected, processed, and used.
7. Agree: I agree that when I give personal information to a commercial/government website for some reason, the website should use the information only for the specified purpose.
8. Somewhat Agree: I am concerned that commercial/government websites do not devote enough time and effort to verifying the accuracy of my personal information in their databases.
9. Agree: I agree that when commercial/government websites ask me for personal information, I sometimes think twice before providing it.
10. Strongly Agree: I strongly agree that I do not have control or autonomy over decisions about how my personal information is collected, used, and shared by commercial/government websites.
11. Agree: I agree that I do not have control of personal information that I provide to commercial/government websites.
12. Strongly Agree: I am strongly agreeing because I believe that clear and conspicuous disclosures should be included in online privacy policies of commercial/government websites.
13. Agree: I agree that I am concerned that I am not aware or knowledgeable about how my personal information will be used by commercial/government websites.
14. Agree: I agree that I am concerned that I do not have control over decisions about how my personal information is collected, used, and shared by commercial/government websites.

Explanation:

As a student, I am generally more concerned about my personal information being used without my consent or knowledge. I am also concerned about the accuracy of my personal information in commercial/government websites' databases. I believe that clear and conspicuous disclosures should be included in online privacy policies, and I want to have control over decisions about how my personal information is collected, used, and shared. I am less concerned about commercial/government websites selling my personal information to other companies, but I still think twice before providing personal information to these websites.

