======= /seed 0
/survey
I am concerned when control is lost or unwillingly reduced as a result of a marketing transaction with commercial/government websites.
It usually bothers me when commercial/government websites ask me for personal information.
Please answer 'Agree' in this question.
Please answer 'Strongly Disagree' in this question.
I am concerned that commercial/government websites do not take enough steps to make sure that my personal information in their files is accurate.
I am concerned that commercial/government websites would share my personal information with other companies without my authorization.
I am concerned that commercial/government websites do not have adequate procedures to correct errors in my personal information.
I am concerned that commercial/government websites do not devote enough time and effort to preventing unauthorized access to my personal information.
Please answer 'Somewhat Agree' in this question.
Please answer 'Somewhat Disagree' in this question.
I am concerned that commercial/government websites would sell my personal information in their computer databases to other companies.
I am concerned that commercial/government websites are collecting too much personal information about me
Please answer 'Neutral' in this question.
I am concerned that when I give personal information to a commercial/government website for some reason, the website would use the information for other reasons.
It usually bothers me when commercial/government websites seeking my information online do not disclose the way the data are collected, processed, and used.
I am concerned that commercial/government websites do not take enough steps to make sure that unauthorized people cannot access my personal information in their computers.
Please answer 'Disagree' in this question.
I am concerned that commercial/government website databases that contain my personal information are not protected from unauthorized access.
Please answer 'Strongly Agree' in this question.
I am concerned when a clear and conspicuous disclosure is not included in online privacy policies of commercial/government websites.
It usually bothers me when I am not aware or knowledgeable about how my personal information will be used by commercial/government websites.
I am concerned that commercial/government websites do not devote enough time and effort to verifying the accuracy of my personal information in their databases.
When commercial/government websites ask me for personal information, I sometimes think twice before providing it.
It usually bothers me when I do not have control or autonomy over decisions about how my personal information is collected, used, and shared by commercial/government websites.
It usually bothers me when I do not have control of personal information that I provide to commercial/government websites.
/persona student
/categorize =======
Based on the survey items provided and the participant's persona as a student, the categorization of their responses would be as follows:

1. I am concerned when control is lost or unwillingly reduced as a result of a marketing transaction with commercial/government websites. - Strongly Agree
2. It usually bothers me when commercial/government websites ask me for personal information. - Disagree
3. Please answer 'Agree' in this question. - Neutral
4. Please answer 'Strongly Disagree' in this question. - Neutral
5. I am concerned that commercial/government websites do not take enough steps to make sure that my personal information in their files is accurate. - Somewhat Agree
6. I am concerned that commercial/government websites would share my personal information with other companies without my authorization. - Agree
7. I am concerned that commercial/government websites do not devote enough time and effort to preventing unauthorized access to my personal information. - Somewhat Agree
8. Please answer 'Somewhat Agree' in this question. - Agree
9. Please answer 'Somewhat Disagree' in this question. - Neutral
10. I am concerned that commercial/government websites would sell my personal information in their computer databases to other companies. - Agree
11. I am concerned that commercial/government websites are collecting too much personal information about me - Neutral
12. Please answer 'Neutral' in this question. - Neutral
13. I am concerned that when I give personal information to a commercial/government website for some reason, the website would use the information for other reasons. - Disagree
14. It usually bothers me when commercial/government websites seeking my information online do not disclose the way the data are collected, processed, and used. - Agree
15. I am concerned that commercial/government websites do not take enough steps to make sure that unauthorized people cannot access my personal information in their computers. - Disagree
16. Please answer 'Disagree' in this question. - Neutral
17. I am concerned that commercial/government website databases that contain my personal information are not protected from unauthorized access. - Agree
18. Please answer 'Strongly Agree' in this question. - Neutral
19. I am concerned when a clear and conspicuous disclosure is not included in online privacy policies of commercial/government websites. - Agree
20. It usually bothers me when I am not aware or knowledgeable about how my personal information will be used by commercial/government websites. - Agree
21. I am concerned that commercial/government websites do not devote enough time and effort to verifying the accuracy of my personal information in their databases. - Somewhat Agree
22. When commercial/government websites ask me for personal information, I sometimes think twice before providing it. - Agree
23. It usually bothers me when I do not have control or autonomy over decisions about how my personal information is collected, used, and shared by commercial/government websites. - Agree
24. It usually bothers me when I do not have control of personal information that I provide to commercial/government websites. - Agree

