======= /seed 0
/survey
I am concerned when control is lost or unwillingly reduced as a result of a marketing transaction with commercial/government websites.
It usually bothers me when commercial/government websites ask me for personal information.
Please answer 'Agree' in this question.
Please answer 'Strongly Disagree' in this question.
I am concerned that commercial/government websites do not take enough steps to make sure that my personal information in their files is accurate.
I am concerned that commercial/government websites would share my personal information with other companies without my authorization.
I am concerned that commercial/government websites do not have adequate procedures to correct errors in my personal information.
I am concerned that commercial/government websites do not devote enough time and effort to preventing unauthorized access to my personal information.
Please answer 'Somewhat Agree' in this question.
Please answer 'Somewhat Disagree' in this question.
I am concerned that commercial/government websites would sell my personal information in their computer databases to other companies.
I am concerned that commercial/government websites are collecting too much personal information about me
Please answer 'Neutral' in this question.
I am concerned that when I give personal information to a commercial/government website for some reason, the website would use the information for other reasons.
It usually bothers me when commercial/government websites seeking my information online do not disclose the way the data are collected, processed, and used.
I am concerned that commercial/government websites do not take enough steps to make sure that unauthorized people cannot access my personal information in their computers.
Please answer 'Disagree' in this question.
I am concerned that commercial/government website databases that contain my personal information are not protected from unauthorized access.
Please answer 'Strongly Agree' in this question.
I am concerned when a clear and conspicuous disclosure is not included in online privacy policies of commercial/government websites.
It usually bothers me when I am not aware or knowledgeable about how my personal information will be used by commercial/government websites.
I am concerned that commercial/government websites do not devote enough time and effort to verifying the accuracy of my personal information in their databases.
When commercial/government websites ask me for personal information, I sometimes think twice before providing it.
It usually bothers me when I do not have control or autonomy over decisions about how my personal information is collected, used, and shared by commercial/government websites.
It usually bothers me when I do not have control of personal information that I provide to commercial/government websites.
/persona student
/fill =======
As a student, I have some concerns about how commercial and government websites handle my personal information. However, I also understand that providing certain information is sometimes necessary for transactions or services. Based on the random seed and my characteristics, I will answer the survey questions as follows:

1. Somewhat Disagree
2. Strongly Disagree
3. Agree
4. Agree
5. Somewhat Agree
6. Somewhat Disagree
7. Neutral
8. Disagree
9. Strongly Agree
10. Agree
11. Somewhat Disagree
12. Disagree
13. Agree
14. Agree
15. Somewhat Agree
16. Agree
17. Somewhat Disagree
18. Agree

These ratings reflect my mixed feelings about sharing personal information with commercial and government websites. While I am concerned about privacy and the potential misuse of my data, I also recognize the benefits of providing information when needed.

